Thread Group License Agreement, Thread Specification 1.1

By viewing, downloading, saving, reproducing or using the Thread 1.1
Specification (“Specification”) including any associated media and
printed material or electronic documentation, you hereby agree to the
following terms and conditions:

License Grant & Restrictions

Thread Group, Inc. (“Thread Group”) hereby grants you a fully-paid,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide, limited and revocable
license (without the right to sublicense), under Thread Group’s
applicable intellectual property rights to view, download, save,
reproduce and use the Specification solely for your own internal
purposes in accordance with the terms of this License Agreement. This
License Agreement does not authorize you to, and you expressly warrant
that you shall not: 1) loan, rent, lease, sublicense, sell, or permit
others to use the Specification; 2) modify, adapt, translate, or
otherwise change the Specification in any manner or create any
derivative work of the Specification; 3) copy or reproduce the
Specification except for backup or archival purposes in connection
with your internal use; or 4) remove any proprietary notices or labels
on the Specification.

No right to implementation of the Specification is granted to you by
this License Agreement. Members of Thread Group may hold patents and
other intellectual property rights relating to the Specification,
ownership and licenses of which are subject to the Thread Group’s IP
Policy which is available for examination on the Thread Group public
web site . Membership in Thread Group confers to members certain
intellectual property rights, including reasonable and
non-discriminatory royalty-free (RAND-RF) licensing to members in most
cases. Membership in Thread Group is necessary to implement, practice,
and ship Thread technology and Thread Group specifications. Failure to
maintain active Thread Group membership while shipping Thread
technology may result in legal action, including but not limited to
licensing fees. Implementation of the Specification may also implicate
intellectual property rights of non-members that are not subject to
the Thread Group licensing obligations.

The name and trademarks of Thread Group may not be used in any manner,
including advertising or publicity pertaining to the Specification or
its contents without specific, written prior permission of Thread
Group. Title to copyright in the Specification will at all times
remain with Thread Group.

No Warranties and Limitation of Liability

THE SPECIFICATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND THREAD GROUP AND ANY OTHER
AUTHORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR TITLE; THAT THE
CONTENTS OF THE SPECIFICATION ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY PURPOSE; NOR THAT
THE IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. THREAD GROUP , ITS
MEMBERS, AND ANY OTHER AUTHORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF
ANY USE OF THE SPECIFICATION OR THE PERFORMANCE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF
THE CONTENTS THEREOF.

Termination

This License Agreement will automatically terminate if you fail to
comply with any term hereof. No notice shall be required by Thread
Group to effect such termination. You may also terminate this License
Agreement at any time by notifying Thread Group in writing (via email
addressed tohelp@threadgroup.org ) of termination. Upon any
termination of this License Agreement, you shall immediately
discontinue all use of the Specification and destroy all full or
partial copies of the Specification and any related documentation.

Assignment

This License Agreement is personal to you, and may not be assigned
without Thread Group’s express written consent. In the event that you
are an entity that merges with another entity or are acquired by
another entity during the term of this License Agreement, you shall
provide written notice (via email addressed to help@threadgroup.org )
of such merger or acquisition no later than the date on which any
public announcement is made.

Other Terms

This License Agreement is governed by and construed under the laws of
the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to any conflict of law
rules or principles, and excluding the application of the United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods. The parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
and venue of the courts of competent jurisdiction in the County of
Santa Clara, State of California, U.S.A., provided however, that
Thread Group will have the right to pursue claims against you in any
other jurisdiction worldwide to enforce its rights under this License
Agreement or to enforce its intellectual property rights. If any
litigation is instituted to interpret, enforce or rescind this License
Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the
other party, in addition to any other relief awarded, the prevailing
party’s reasonable attorney’s fees and other fees, costs,
disbursements and expenses of every kind incurred in connection with
the litigation, any appeal or petition for review, the collection of
any award, or the enforcement of any order or judgment, as determined
by the court.

If any part of this License Agreement shall be held unenforceable, the
remainder of this License Agreement will nevertheless remain in full
force and effect. All provisions of this License Agreement that would
reasonably be expected to survive the termination of this License
Agreement will do so. This License Agreement contains the entire
understanding of the parties regarding the subject matter of this
License Agreement and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
negotiations and agreements whether written or oral, between the
parties with respect to the subject matter of this License
Agreement. No other rights are granted by implication, estoppel or
otherwise.

In the case of any conflict or inconsistency between the Chinese
version of the Thread 1.1 Specification, and the English version of
the Thread 1.1 Specification, the English version shall control. The
English version of the Thread 1.1 Specification is the definitive
version and shall be used exclusively for all legal purposes.

YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT,
UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
